Sports strengthen the heart. Regular Sports certainly make the heart stronger.
Hence, Sport is an excellent preventive measure against heart diseases. 
This certainly increases the life expectancy of individuals. Furthermore, 
a healthy heart means a healthy blood pressure.
Sports involve physical activity of the body. Due to this physical activity,
blood vessels remain clean. Sports reduces the amount of cholesterol and 
fats in the body. This happens because of the increase of flexibility of 
the wall of the blood vessels. The flexibility increases due to physical 
exertion, which is the result of Sports.
Every day sport becomes more important than ever. Of course, we all notice the bad diet 
that many people follow now due to the lack of time. Fast food saturated with fats and 
carbohydrates has become one of the meals of our children as well as adults. Of course, this 
diet leads to obesity and major health problems that make everyone suffer.
Therefore, providing a little time for sports on a daily basis will certainly reduce your 
chances of catching many diseases caused by obesity and lack of burning. Therefore, exercise 
is one of the most important practices in our modern age, and I recommend doing it on a daily 
basis, at least 30 minutes a day.
Among various popular games across the world, football is one of the most enthusiastic and 
energetic sports. This game is played between two teams where each team has eleven members. 
A lot of football tournaments are held in various countries every year, both at national 
and international levels.
Every four years, the FIFA or Federation Internationale de Football Association conducts a 
world cup which is the most awaited championship. The game is called football because the 
ball is passed among the team members using the feet, and the use of the hand is considered 
a foul, which is decided by the referee of the match. The International Football Association 
Board formulates rules that the players follow, and any contravention shall be considered a 
disqualification.